feat: improve JS lang docs (#146)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/examples/tutorial/jco/string-reverse-upper/README.md

Reviewer: I am hesitant to add more examples to the repo itself. If we do, this should live at the top level under `examples` not under the tutorial

Author: Yup -- I think what I was looking at here was anywhere that seemed to be "js" related -- `examples/tutorial/jco` just seemed like the only place that might contain javascript-specific examples! 

That said, will definitely move these out

Author: This has been removed now

# `reverse()` + `toUpper()` in JavaScript, with WebAssembly composition

> This folder contains a Javascript project can build into a WebAssembly component binary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This folder contains a Javascript project that can be built into a WebAssembly component binary.
```

- Generate JavaScript bindings (`jco transpile`) that execute the core functionality (in browser or compliant JS runtimes like NodeJS) 
- Build a component that *composes with another component*

For another example of using `jco` with components in multiple environments, see the [`jco` example](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco/blob/main/docs/src/example.md).

# Quickstart

First, install required dependencies:

```console
npm install
```

Then, build the component with `jco`:

```console
npm run build
```

A WebAssembly binary will be written to `string-reverse-upper.wasm`.

While somewhat redundant, to use the produced WebAssembly binary (keep in mind the WebAssembly binary could be written in *any* underlying language), we can use `jco` to transpile it to run in Javascript natively:

Since this component *uses* another component, we must *compose* the two components together, given that we have code which satisfies the `import`.

> [!WARN]
> The command below will attempt to build the WebAssembly component in `tutorial/jco/string-reverse`

```console
npm run compose
```

You should see output like the following:

```

> ```

Reviewer 2: Did you mean to fill this in?

Author: Absolutely did -- I forgot!

These examples will probably move out to `jco`, but I will remember to fix this before I do. 

- [ ] Add missing output in `string-reverse-upper` README
- [ ] Update other READMEs to quality of `string-reverse-upper`

Author: Ah so these changes have been made, but in the jco PR!

> After running component composition, there will be a component with all it's imports satisfied, called `string-reverse-upper.composed.wasm`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After running component composition, there will be a component with all its imports satisfied, called `string-reverse-upper.composed.wasm`. 
```
